SUBJECT: &NAME Group - The Next Stage Hi ! As might have been very correctly observed by several of you at different stages , although it is a small one , which should logically help , our &NAME group lacks some of the characteristics that would justify that appellation : we know little or nothing about each other 's research , methods , sometimes even interests . This is something I know some of us have at some point felt sorry about . Luckily , &NAME and &NAME have now decided to give it a try . They asked me to organize something that would allow everyone to get the chance to explain what they are doing , on an informal basis . However , for the aim to be reached , it is important that everyone of us takes part in the event . Attendance is therefore highly recommended ( not to say obligatory ) . The plan , given that we are &NUM of us , is to held &NUM afternoons at a few weeks ' interval . All members of the group would give a &NUM min talk , &NUM on each afternoon . Rather than being about results of the research only , these talks should mostly be a short description of current research , methods and tools used and designed , problems met , ie. points that can be useful for the entire group , and about which some useful feedback or ideas could be given by other members of the group . After each talk , &NUM min would indeed be allocated for questions and / or comments . After the talks we would then do something together , and &NAME has already offered to host a pizza & drinks get-together at his place for one of the afternoons . Everything is possible and if you 've got any idea , let me know . Dates for the &NUM afternoons have been already suggested . &NAME &NUM or &NAME &NUM June &NAME &NUM or &NAME &NUM July . We want to make sure that everyone could attend . Therefore , please send me your comments about these dates , if you definitely ca n't make &NUM or several of them . I think this is a wonderful idea , &NAME going for . I 'm sure we can make something of it , provided everyone puts a little goodwill into it . I 'll be co-ordinating these events , so please send me all comments directly . If you think this is not the best way of doing it , feel free to send any other idea as well . Cheers , &NAME 